DEV: add some PM content to the hash page (#335)
redis/docs: content/develop/data-types/hashes.md

2) "1"
{{< /clients-example >}}

## Field expiration

New in Redis Community Edition 7.4 is the ability to specify an expiration time or a time-to-live (TTL) value for individual hash fields.

> This capability is comparable to [key expiration]({{< baseurl "/develop/use/keyspace" >}}#key-expiration") and includes a number of similar commands:

Author: ```suggestion
This capability is comparable to [key expiration]({{< baseurl "/develop/use/keyspace" >}}#key-expiration") and includes a number of similar commands.
```

* [`HTTL`]({{< relref "/commands/httl " >}}): get the remaining TTL in seconds.
* [`HPTTL`]({{< relref "/commands/hpttl " >}}): get the remaining TTL in milliseconds.

Use the following command to remove the expiration of specific fields:

* [`HPERSIST`]({{< relref "/commands/hpersist " >}}): remove the expiration.

### Common field expiration use cases

1. **Event Tracking**: Use a hash key to store events from the last hour. Set each event's TTL to one hour. Use `HLEN` to count events from the past hour.

1. **Fraud Detection**: Create a hash with hourly counters for events. Set each field's TTL to 48 hours. Query the hash to get the number of events per hour for the last 48 hours.

1. **Customer Session Management**: Store customer data in hash keys. Create a new hash key for each session and add a session field to the customer’s hash key. Expire both the session key and the session field in the customer’s hash key automatically when the session expires.

1. **Active Session Tracking**: Store all active sessions in a hash key. Set each session's TTL to expire automatically after inactivity. Use `HLEN` to count active sessions.

### Field expiration examples

> Support for hash field expiration in the official client libraries is coming soon, but you can test hash field expiration now with beta versions of the [Python (redis-py)](https://github.com/redis/redis-py) and [Java (Jedis)](https://github.com/redis/jedis) client libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for hash field expiration in the official client libraries is not yet available, but you can test hash field expiration now with beta versions of the [Python (redis-py)](https://github.com/redis/redis-py) and [Java (Jedis)](https://github.com/redis/jedis) client libraries.
```
